NEXT-22108: fixed sub folder navigation (#3259)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2023-08-11-fix-media-move-navigation.md

---
title: Media cannot be moved higher than the parent folder
issue: NEXT-22108
---
# Administration

> * Changed the method `updateParentFolder` in `src/Administration/Resources/app/administration/src/app/asyncComponent/media/sw-media-modal-move/index.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the method `updateParentFolder` by adding association `children` in component `sw-media-modal-move`
```
